In this video we're going to apply our markdown editor
in our answer component. To do that let's switch back
over to our editor. Here I'll run web pack by saying npm run watch
OK let's open answer component
here
we're going to do almost the same thing
as we did in question component. So here
let's replace the v-if with v-show
then here
let's also replace the v-else with v-show not editing
now here
let's import the M Editor component
then register in components property
and then find the text area in our template. Here it is
and wrap it in m Editor component like this
now it we save the change then switch our browser
I need to find my own answer
here
I'll edit my answer
hit the preview tab
unfortunately it's not work.
So why this happen do you have any idea?
Well if you open the M Editor component
here you'll see that both element using id attribute
to control the behavior. When we include the
M Editor in other places then there will be duplicate ids here.
So to fix this issue we need to distinguish these ids
also here
so let's jump to answer
then here
let's specify our custom attribute for example name equals answer
or to avoid conflict naming let's bind
the name attribute to unique name.
Now let's jump to computed property
and here let's define the unique name
return answer this dot id. This will produce a string like this
Let's copy this method definition then switch to question dot vue
jump to computed property then paste the
method here and change the string to question.
Find the editor
and here
let's also bind the name attribute to unique name.
Next we can go back to m editor dot vue.
Here in script section let's add in props
the name
then inside the methods property
here let's define a new method basically
this method will concatenate the tab name with the
name that we specify in the parent component through
name property.
You can name it whatever you like
in my case I'll call it tab id. It receives two
arguments the first one is the tab name
and the second one is a hash which is empty by default
then inside this method
we simply return a string which compose the hash
tab name
and the name.
Now we can jump to our template
then here let's bind this href attribute
to tab id write
also here
let's bind the href attribute to tab id
preview
hash
and then let's bind the id of this tab pain to
tab id write
and bind the second tab pain to
tab id
preview. Let's save all changes
back to our browser
reload the page
let me edit the question hit the preview tab
OK
It's working as we expected.
Let me edit this question
hit the preview tab
All right now the preview tab in answer
component also working great.
Let's hit
Update
the syntax highlight not working.
Let me see
OK here
We need to define this ref in our answer component
so here I'll define
ref body html. Save
reload the page.
I'll edit one more time
hit update.
OK it's working. Now before we end this video
let's do one more thing
if you realize both answer and question components they
depends on m editor
end user info components.
In my opinion it would be better to put this import statement
as well as this components property inside
our mixin so that it will make our code more lean
so let's cut this import statements.
In answer component we can remove these
switch to a modification mixin
and paste on the top. And here
let's change the components path
back to question component
let's cut this components property
switch to answer component and remove this line
back to modification mixin and paste inside here.
Le'ts save all changes
and let's make sure our latest change not breaking our app
okay so far so good. Let's commit our changes into our git repo.